Segment from F1 Article on 2023 Revals
Samarth Kanal
Formula1 page

A six-way battle up front?
If last year's Sao Paulo Grand Prix and Sprint proved anything, its that Mercedes are still formidable, team, 
Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen will always provide fireworks, and 
that it's always worth turning in - even if the championshipts have been wrapped up. 

This season, Mercedes will be on the warpath to make sure their fall to third place in 2022 constructors's championship is a one-off - 
and Hamilton himself will be looking not only to make amends for the winless 2022 season, 
but the championship that got away from him in 2021. George Russell, who took his maiden win at Interlagos, 
could be right there too, if the Silver Arrows can deliver the hardware. 

Of course, Verstappen is in a team who have taken the new era of F1 by storem; 
the Dutchman took a record-breaking 15 Grand Prix wins last season and 
Red Bulol barely put a foot wrong after a stuttering start on the reliability front.

Verstappen's team mat Sergio Perez will want to prove himself this season too. 
The Mexican driver has already made it clear that he's not looking to settle for the rear-gunner 
position and will be going all out to beat the reigning charmpion on the other side of the Red Bull garage.

Enter Ferrari, and the chase for the championships becomes even tastier. 
The Scuderia started last year strongly but fell back from Red Bull as the season wore on.

Having started so well only to miss out on the title glory Charles Leclerc 
and Carlos Sainz will be hungrier than ever this season. 
We know those drivers won't play nice with Red Bull and Mercedes, 
but will they play nice with each other?

Either way we could have six drivers fighting it out tooth 
and nail for the championship this year, which is a mouth-watering prospect.

McLaren vs Alpine

Two outfits with higher aspirations than fourth in the standings, 
McLaren and Alpine will be looking to make it five-way fight at the front this year. 
Even if they don't manage to prove a thorn in the side of the front-runners, 
the midfield leaders will certainly be fighting toe-to-toe against each other over the next 23 rounds.

Add in the fact that Oscar Piastri is about ot begin his rookie campaign 
for McLaren after leaving Alpine in somewhat controversial circumstances, 
and there's plenty more to this rivalry than meets the eye. 

McLaren's Lando Norris is driving at an incredible level but Esteban Ocon is consistent points scorer - 
and a race winner, and now he has the proven talent of compatriot Pierre Gasly alongside him at the French team.

Alpine took P4 in last year's constructors' champrionship over McLauren but 
the pair were neck-and-neck as the sweason progressed and in the end the difference 
was just 14 points. we can't wait for round two...

Ocon vs Gasly

So we expect the Alpine vs McLaren battle to be exciting, 
but could the inra-team rivalry between Gasly and Ocon at Alpine also be a spicy one?

Gasly and his former AlphaTauri team mate Yuki Tsunoda had a largely harmonious relationship, 
though they did crash out in the 2022 British Grand Prix. When it comes to Ocon, however, 
you don't need to look too far back to see sparks fly between himself and ex-team mate Fernando Alonso. 
Look a bit further and you'll remember the Ocon-Perez battles at Force India, too.

Alonso and Ocon battled wheel-to-wheel in Saudi Arabia, 
but Sao Paulo was where their rivalry truly boiled over. 
The Alpines clashed twice on the first lap of the Sao Paulo Sprint, 
Alonso getting penalised for his troubles before he seaid: 
"it's far from ideal when it's your team mate, but it's been a little like this all year long."

Fellow Frenchman who came up through the junior ranks together, 
Ocon and Gasly were once best of friends but now have a complex relationship, 
after plenty of highs and lows. 
Will we see fireworks between the two of them when the racing gets under way in 2023?